Very very early draft for mail to funders about the 4.0 release (#56)
PHPCSStandards/PHP_CodeSniffer-documentation: newsletters/202509-phpcs-4.0-release.md

# PRESS RELEASE

## Highlights of the 4.0 release

> * Root rulesets can now overrule config and CLI settings set in child rulesets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use root rulesets to overrule config and CLI settings set in child rulesets.
<config> directives set in the "root" ruleset are now prioritized over directives in included rulesets. Reminder: When two included rulesets at the same nesting level both set the same directive, the value from the last included ruleset gets prioritized. This has not changed. 
```

* Ability to scan files without extension.
* Less chance on scans failing on parse errors during live coding.

> * Exit code improvements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Automatically exit with exit code 0
If no issues were found or remain after fixing, both PHOCS and PHPCBF now exit with code 0. Would you like for non auto-fixables for the exit code determination, set the new new ignore_non_auto_fixable_on_exit config flag to 1. Ceck for full details on the new exit codes the Wiki ["Advanced Usage"](https://github.com/PHPCSStandards/PHP_CodeSniffer/wiki/Advanced-Usage#understanding-the-exit-codes) page.
```
